Update readme with steps to purge functional test data (#557)
alphagov/notifications-functional-tests: README.md

For our production environment, these fixtures are not yet stored in code, but will be similar to (but not the same as) the staging fixtures.

## Database cleanup in non-production environment
Steps to removing the test data in preview (non-production) environment: 
1. Take the snapshot of notify-db in rds and also take database dump locally. See [DB-Commands](https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-manuals/wiki/DB-Commands) for the database dump and restore.
2. Pause all the deployment pipelines for the preview environment.
3. ssh into ecs `api-web` service.
4. Run `flask command purge-functional-test-data -u notify-tests-preview` to delete user data objects. 
  * note: takes a while! multiple hours!
5. Manually delete organisation 'Functional Test Org'.
6. Run flask command functional-test-fixtures to create fixture data, this will create tmp environment file for functional-test service.
7. `cd /tmp` and `cat functional_test_env.sh` to get the new environment file.

> 8. On your local, `PASSWORD_STORE_DIR=$HOME/gds/notifications-credentials pass edit credentials/functional-tests/preview-functional`  and update the new environment file. This will auto commit and require manual PR process.

Reviewer: rather than this PASSWORD_STORE_DIR definition (which relies on the other person having the same folder layout on their machine as your local checkouts), we can use `notify-pass` - an alias we suggest people make when setting up their creds repo https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-credentials?tab=readme-ov-file#working-with-secrets

```suggestion
8. On your local, `notify-pass edit credentials/functional-tests/preview-functional`  and update the new environment file. This will auto commit and require manual PR process.
```

>   * Set `REQUEST_BIN_API_TOKEN` in the environment when editing credentials

Reviewer: we should say here which cred to find that env var in (and maybe give a one-liner)

>   * Before updating the new environment copy the `REQUEST_BIN_API_TOKEN` from the existing credentials. Set `REQUEST_BIN_API_TOKEN` in the environment when editing credentials.

Reviewer: actually on reflection, i think it makes more sense to set REQUEST_BIN_API_TOKEN in the environment in step 6 before we run the fixture command, as the fixture command itself tries to read that variable (and it's easier to see whats happening if just setting the value before calling the command, rather than manually editing the env file after it's been generrated i think)

> 9. After merging the credentials PR, run `notifications-aws/scripts/upload-credentials/upload-credentials.sh` preview locally to push new environment file to SSM.

Reviewer: i think we need to update this to reflect the fact that `upload-credentials.sh` doesn't work with preview and we ended up commenting out the entire rest of the file temporarily - this script it seems is somewhat tailored to the dev envs

Reviewer: @risicle is it just an oversight that this script didn't work against preview?

i cant remember which config lines failed off the top my head, but it might have been @jonathan-ryding's changes to add some grafana creds
